registry: GovBan flag (#92)
near-ndc/i-am-human: contracts/registry/CHANGELOG.md

### Features

> - New `GovBan` flag. Account with such flag an account that misbehaved and should be refused to have a significant governance role. However it will be able to vote as a Voting Body member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New `GovBan` flag. Reserved for accounts with a history of misconduct, limiting their governance role while maintaining their voting rights as valued members of the Voting Body.
```
